It was a Saturday night, the clock read out to be 9:00 pm. I was preparing myself for an LSD trip. I’ve had prior experience with LSD and psilocybin but I’ve never tripped by myself until this night. Having a trip sitter and someone to anchor me back into reality always gave me a sense of security, but this time I felt like taking a risk, so I took the tab and proceeded to lie down and shut my eyes. After 30 minutes, I felt the effects of the come up. The furniture in my room was starting to breathe and I started to hear this high pitch frequency sound. The intensity of the come up was too much, so I opened my eyes, this might have been a mistake. As I looked to the empty side of my bed, a purple entity, in the shape of a woman was blowing her cool breath into my face. I couldn’t make out a face but her presence was intimidating yet seducing. After the entity faded into another dimension, I felt uneasy, like as if she was there to foreshadow the adversity that I am going to have to face. The LSD started bringing up childhood memories and fond moments I had. I was on a nostalgia trip for a good hour. As soon as the nostalgia side of the trip ended, this was the moment I was going to have to face hell. I had intense close eyed and opened eyed visuals. I remember clearly seeing my life flash before my eyes. I took a look out the window and the sun was out, mind you it’s 1:00 am at this point in the trip. I see children riding bikes outside and my room change from my room into a retirement home. It gave me the feeling that I would be alone forever and that I would die alone. My heart began to race as I saw myself growing old and withering away. I held my hand up to my face and it begins to dissolve away into nothingness. My ego was telling me that I had made a grave mistake and that I was actually dying. I went into a fight or flight mode and didn’t trust in the acid. Tears rolled down my eyes, and all I could think about was how temporary life really is, how are my loved ones gonna feel once I’m dead and I’m not ready to leave just yet. It took awhile but when I got to the point of surrendering and accepting my fate as my physical body is crumbling into dust, I felt a severe change in the trip. It was like as if I was floating consciousness not bound to a body anymore. I had ego dissolution and didn’t know who I was. I got caught in a loop of thinking my life was just a dream up until this point. As I felt my consciousness return to my body, I remember so vividly seeing my body heal back into my young self. After coming down from the acid, my brother got home from his night shift job. I don’t usually hug my brother because I keep my emotions bottled up a lot but I remember just giving him a big hug after seeing him. I told “I thought it was all over, I thought I lost everything.” My brother in awe asked “Are you good and how much did you take?” This was the most humbling experience of my life and will forever stick with me. Remember, psychedelics is a learning tool, not a party drug, I had to learn it the hard way.

This is my very first trip report so bear with me. This took place about 3 years ago in the year 2016 in between July and August. I had just turned 17. My previous experience I had with drugs at the time included chronic Marijuana use, little alcohol, Lsd about half a dozen times, 2-cb a handful of times, cocaine, and ketamine.

I was with a trusted friend who I had taken Lsd with half of the times at least I had taken it, we can call him “S”. The set and setting were at his place, which was a huge mansion his parents owned next to a lake which has little to do with the story but me growing up pretty poor it was always cool. It was HOT outside, at least 90 degree weather and humid. An important part to mention about this story is this takes place the day before I was going to be admitted into inpatient treatment, which I was not looking forward to at all, not a good idea to trip on acid!

Let’s get into the story, as this takes place years ago there are parts hard to remember but I know most of the facts about that day. We had gotten our Lsd from a trusted buddy, “S” had gotten himself 4, and I got myself 3 tabs, I am not certain the amount each had on them but from what I can guess from the times I took Lsd prior and following, I ingested about 450ug and “S” 600ug, he was much more experienced at the time than I. We dosed our tabs at probably 4 or 5 o’clock pm. Before the Lsd started flowing through our bodies and mind we came up with the spontaneous idea to take a walk, even though we had our trip planned inside with laser light shows, Dark side of the moon, and Pulp fiction. We grabbed a backpack, filled it with our weed, pipes, portable speaker, and a single bottle of water…… We grabbed our longboards and started out on what seemed would be a very magical adventure. We had a destination in mind about 3 miles away from his house but we decide to take a shortcut through his neighborhood and some private property which would cut our time down (at this point we had started feeling the initial effects and so didn’t think twice about it). We connected with a road after following a trail and got on our boards, longboarding was exhilarating! I had to stop though soon after because the visuals had started taking over my perception and the speed was adding some nausea. The road was flowing back and forth as I was walking through some sort of three dimensional type grid. I believe we had the grateful dead’s “Truckin” playing and it was one of the most amazing feelings I have experienced on Lsd, pure nirvana. It’s always crazy to me how quick of a turn an acid trip can take because right when we turned onto the main road out of the neighborhood we had been exploring I got a feeling of anxiety that I could not shake, We had finished the only bottle of water we brought with and both felt we were very dehydrated. The cars as i was walking down this road reminded me of how when I was younger I used to see faces in the front of cars but these were legitimate faces looking me back in the eye with the creepiest smiles, I thought that I was going crazy but tried reminding myself I had taken a drug. I turned to my friend because at this point I was terrified, I didn’t know if any of this was actually happening and started to have the closest thing to a panic attack I have experienced. We decided it was a good idea to head back to his place and this is where things get a little crazy. I remember we were approaching this person’s yard to cut through and they were outside, I didn’t want to be rude so I thought I would walk up and ask permission to cut through his yard, my friend quickly jolted me away as I said hello to the man, He stood up and started walking towards us and my friend yelled at me to run. This guy must have just laughed because we were peaking so fucking hard. We got to safety in his neighborhood and were walking back total fear and loathing type looking stumbling down the road. A lady walks up to us from behind with her dog and starts walking parallel to us which had really started to trip me out I just looked straight and picked up my pace. We started to arrive at his house and then I puked all over the street in a very high class area of my city. The lady walking behind saw because as “S” was helping me lay down in his backyard she was peeking around his house and I was freaking out about that in my head because I was thinking what is this lady’s problem only to realize later she thought the exact same as I. Things kept stacking on top of one another, I was seeing geometric patterns in the grass and the trees which provided a moment of relief. “S”s mom walks outside and confronts us about what we're doing which we replied smoking marijuana and she can tell isn't true, she talks with us for a little bit very disapprovingly and I get this feeling that I need to be home, so that's what I blurted out and admitted to being on Lsd ( sometimes telling someone who is sober is a good bet to help you get to a safe place). We load up into the car and drive around for a while because I had to think about what I would tell my mom when I got home. She ended up dropping us off at my place after a half hour or so of driving which was very unpleasant. This whole entire time “S”s mother is yelling at him saying why did you take Lsd, as he frantically replied every time with “I didn't take Lsd i’m only tripping on acid” and I kept telling him you just told her you took it (he must have been in a thought loop because he was repeating himself like crazy). I felt like I couldn't breathe and that my life force as I knew it was being compressed into a ball of nothing. Once “S” and I arrived at my house I swung my front door open to see my mom sitting on our couch. She looked concerned and asked if I was okay and I told her everything up to that point. I will always give major props to “S” as he had to have been tripping harder than I and was able to calm my mom down and talk her out of calling an ambulance. I dry heaved into the toilet as my mom rubbed my back and asked what I was seeing and all I could mutter was “everything is everywhere”. After my mom was calm “S” and I traveled to my room upstairs to try to calm me down. We had the door shut and I thought I had started hearing people gathering in my home to figure out what to do with the situation. I thought there were police helicopters surrounding my house and I saw police lights out my window and had the most intense feeling that a group of angry officers were going to stomp down my door at any second and detain us, this lasted for about 2 hours. When I finally started to settle down and come back down to reality we proceeded to smoke a shit load of weed, we went through at least 8 grams of weed from the beginning of the day until the end which we only smoked once before the trip and once during the come up. I eventually was feeling calm, and we were chopping it up, laughing and thought it would be a good idea to take a walk to the gas station across the street. We got our snacks and started the walk back, I lived in a complex of townhomes at the time and the landlord who also lived there was walking her dog. I was really good friends with her son before I started getting into drugs and I always felt really guilty about the situation and so I got really emotional and thought I would say hello. We were talking and it was going really well until “S” started saying we need to go now and was pulling me away, she just looked at him and said “God bless you”. Not a whole lot after that I was really tired from the whole experience but was only about 8 or 9 hours since we dosed so we shut the lights off, Put on Pink floyd’s 1982 movie “The wall” and smoked until we both fell asleep. Overall it was a difficult experience at the time but as I look back on it I just wasn't ready for that type of dose as before I had only taken maybe 200ug maximum. After that I was less scared of traveling into that part of my conscious, a few trips later I dosed myself with 1100ug of Lsd, will make a trip report to follow this one about that! Thank you to all who took the time to read this, it's a very personal and dear part of my psychedelic adventures that taught me to not be afraid of what your not understanding at the time and to let the experience go where it takes you. I definitely respected Lsd a lot more after this. Peace and Love to all!

I have been smoking for the past year and have tried 1P a few times. 5 months ago was the last time I tripped, it was the worst trip I have ever experienced and it's my own fault. I have been struggling with depression and anxiety and trying to treat myself and find out who I am and more about myself. I was pretty depressed this day and was smoking with my buddy, I called into work because I just couldn't leave the house. He had no idea how I really felt or that I called in. I took the tab and then went to my room to smoke alone. After about 2 hours I was just high and not getting many visuals and not really feeling anything. I decided to take a few Nangs which felt fantastic at first. Each balloon had 2 capsules. My third balloon I closed my eyes and sat in silence (I was to high to think about playing music to help with the Nangs affects and make them better). I started to just see a line, then it split and split more until it was a trippy patter and wavy and shit, it then stopped and it was just two lines, one with 3 ends (so like an I and a Y). After that I just didn't want to be alone so I went to the living room to hang with my buddy. As we're smoking I start feeling like I am forgetting chunks of my memory, almost like I just have a gap every few moments and this freaks me out, internally I start blaming my buddy, thinking he is using some sort of Men in Black mind erasing thing. My mind started swelling with this, at this point I am several hour into the trip and I just lose grip mentally on reality, I try my best not to show any of these signs. After about 10 hours me and my buddy go outside to smoke a couple bowls on the deck in the moon light. I tell him how trippy the stars are (still not trusting him and feeling extremely uneasy but trying to act normal), and he remarks that there's a lot, he then says the affects should be wearing off and I shouldn't be seeing much from the 1P. I go to bed with this thought, and as I lay in bed in my dark room, I get worse and worse visuals, I just kept trying to force myself asleep, I couldn't figure out why it was still hitting me so hard. My visuals became me walking through a hallways filled with screens, I couldn't see what was on the screens, they were all just a dark blue, I feeling like I was with someone. The visuals then change to an electric cable, as I follow the cable through darkness it just keeps going until it snaps and I jump up. In the state I am in I start imagining that shaped cable represents part of me... I start thinking about how I broke... I start blaming the trip and saying the trip was the last straw, some cord broke and I am now stuck like this I remember laying in the bed for what felt like ever with this thought, even thinking I died that night and I am laying in my bed dead right now and then worrying because my room was a mess and I felt bad because others would have to clean up after myself.

I woke up the next morning feeling fine... just traumatized

I do not regret this trip tho because of the experience, I think it's helped me grow as a person

Also sorry I am not great at writing, I know my grammar sucks and whatnot, I was always better at math as a kid and hated having to write xD


The only drugs I had done were weed, alcohol and dxm. I wanted to try something different this time so I took some Benadryl. Looking back, and honestly even at the time, I knew what I was doing was stupid. Only two years ago I had the most terrifying moments of my life on dxm. I overdosed And was taken to the hospital while experiencing ego death. Despite this traumatic trip I was ready to try anything. I soon learned they were nothing alike.

I took 18 to 20 Benadryl over the course of 30 minutes, dosing 5 every couple minutes. I waited in anticipation. Within 20 minutes i was feeling the first effects. I started to feel heavy like i was sinking into the couch. I was home alone so there was no one to see me obliterated. I felt my eyes dry up as if I was smoking weed. It became hard to pay attention to the TV as I drifted off in thought.

I jolted up after I realized how high I was. I couldn't remember what I was thinking seconds before. I suddenly had the sendation of what I could only describe as being wrapped in a warm blanket of delirium. It felt like I was floating and transported to a dream. I became the ghost of myself and hovered around the living room. I could see small trails of mist coming down the stairs. I was surrounded by a miasma.

For a second I panicked and ran out to the back porch, my heart beating faster and slightly more shallow. I remembered the way I felt when my nightmare trip came on: disorientated and knocked off my feet. The abrupt jump from kinda high to tripping nuts caught me off guard and i held my heart for a moment. I soon calmed myself down, slowed my breathing and decided to wait it out. I couldn't be rash and call anyone.

Within a minute or two I knew that I was okay. I was on the cusp of delirium, but I wasn't having an allergic reaction. I sank into the couch more as I watched TV. I can't remember what it was. It might have been football(I dont watch football) because whatever it was, I was unable to focus on the story or the point of it. i just watched the moving pictures dreamily and in my own small corner of the universe. I'm unsure what promped this reaction but I started to talk to the TV

" You cant do that. that's impossible."

There's no telling what I thought was impossible or what caused me to say it. I immediately stopped myself. Even though i knew it wasnt the case, talking to the TV made me feel like it was a sentient being. It tripped me out so much I got up from my couch and paced for a second. I went for my phone. £ Probably a stupid idea, but I wanted to text some of my friends just to tell someone what was going on. I texted my friend and told her

"I did it"

confused, she sent back

"um did what"

" I hallucinated"

"oh lol nice"

probably still confused but just playing along with me

"ya there was mist"

"haha what?"

I found conversating satisfying, although I was probably irritating and confusing everyone in my contacts. I started texting several people absolute gidderish. The problem was I couldn't see my keyboard. All the letters were small and fuzzy and I could barely make them out when i conentrated, then a second later i would lose focus again. Not to mention i couldnt hang onto a thought for more than a few seconds.

One of my texts ended up looking like this ( rough example as this was a long time ago)

What's even worse is I texted the wrong person. I meant to tell my best friend, but I ended up texting her sister inlaw, who we both hated. When I found this out later I thought it was hilarious. It could have easily been my mom, my supervisor or someone else important. That scared the hell out of me.

Later on I lost myself in music video after music video. I found myself listening to "the end" by silverstein and it rocked my soul. I felt enveloped in the warm light that was the music. It was like I was rocking back and forth drifting in the sea on a small raft. I believed for a short second that my friends from school were with me, standing on either side of me. I turned to talk to one of them and was shocked when I realized no one was there.

After about four hours I had come down most of the way and found myself still sitting on the couch. Here comes the bad side of Benadryl. I felt every muscle in my body like a dull throb. I felt gross and sleep deprived, even though it had only been a few hours. I was just dreadfully stressed and had a nasty body load. I think I didnt notice it while I was so high.

I would count my trip as generally good, calm, and very strange. I had never felt like such a foreigner to reality. I had become a ghost in a vivid lucid dream. I did Benadryl about 20 more times after that. Sometimes I did smaller doses. For the most part I took it 3 to 4 times a week. It was never as intense as the first time. I soon realized it was terrible for my brain and I decided to stop. Benadryl is definitely a different kind of experience. I've had many friends and heard countless stories of people having even more vivid hallucinations. It's not a drug to be taken lightly.

Thank you so much for reading. Stay safe everyone!


First off let me say that some people may argue that DXM is not a true "Psychedelic" and I do partially agree but this experience was by far the most intense experience of my life and I would consider myself a psychonaut with a couple heroic doses under my belt.

Now, I did not choose DXM because I am just trying to get a quick OTC High I do have access to "real" drugs but I had heard lots of things about people who had tried DXM and a couple years back I had done a first plateau trip and a second plateau. So I decided to re-visit at a higher dose as I had not achieved any of these "mystical" effects I had been hearing of.

This happened last night so I want to write this up while it is still fresh in my mind and hopefully this will prevent some people from also having a horrible experience.

5:00 PM - I am taking a bath and I eat 4 Geltabs at a time

5:30 PM - By this point I have finished the 40 pills and unlike my previous experience with DXM I had no nausea because of taking Geltabs instead of the liquid

6:30 PM - I am starting to feel effects, everything is getting all spacey and droopy

7:00 PM - I would say at this point the come up is over and I am emerged in a "weird world"

7:10 PM - Fuck.... please don't tell me..... yup, I really have throw up no matter how hard I try to not think about it. The second I get up I almost stumble because of the dizziness and how gravity just wants me to hit the floor; oh well I struggle my way to the bathroom and throw up my lungs into the sink (Couldn't even make it to the toilet).

7:20 PM - Ah, sweet relief... I "gathered" myself and opened the door to go back to my room.... I go for a sip of water and the taste of water just made me so sick and I instantly throw up two more times into the cup and continue to throw up until I have nothing left in my stomach.... makes me sick just thinking about it

7:30 PM - Music sounds oddly amazing, listening to the song "Humble" from Kendrick Lamar the beat sounds like it loops with periods of silence... trippy. This heavy feeling is killing me though... best put on a movie and lay down

7:40 PM - I struggle to open google chrome and search "The Gambler" but eventually make it happen; then lay down in bed... that feels fucking amazing like i'm weightless.

8:20 PM - I now realize that I have been watching this movie with my eyes closed this whole time and that I feel really not okay.... I try to feel my body but it isn't there. I try to open my eyes but I can't I feel so numb and sick and so hot and I just want to take all of these hot clothes off or turn a fan on but I can't even manage to open my eyes.

?:?? - No idea what time it is but the movie is still playing I can slightly hear a distant tone of it far far away... I am currently floating away in space CEV are completely insane.

?:?? - Now I vividly feel like I am in the ocean watching dolphins but without a physical body; I cannot feel anything anymore... not my heartbeat... not my breathing... at this point in time I have convinced myself that somehow I fucked up and killed myself... But it didn't bother me I felt content with being an "oracle" of the world and I simply continued onward.

1:00 AM - I finally open my eyes.... whoa I cannot look at anything, the world is spinning... ah, of course my good old friend nausea is back with me... awesome. I get up to go pee and instantly fall over and throw up all over the floor continue to fumble to the bathroom and I end up just pissing in the sink because I don't want to make the leaps and bounds of opening another door to get to the toilet. My stomach at this point feels like an atomic bomb has gone off inside it and my jaw hurts more than when I got my wisdom teeth out.

2:00 AM - I CANNOT fall asleep, just like on a trip with lovely Lucy my mind is just too far gone to be able to sleep, I fell hot, irritated, nauseated, and I honestly feel like I am physically dying inside but at this point I don't really give a fuck; I convince myself all I need is sleep and I didn't take anything that would actually kill me... hopefully...

2:10 AM - I somehow manage to roll a fat ass joint and I fumble my way out to the back yard and spark that up, I will say that I could take the biggest hits of my life(probably because I am on a drug that is meant for coughing, go figure).

2:30 AM - The weed has definitely, 100% turned the bad effects around into mostly neutral ones. My jaw and stomach pain for the most part has subsided and I still feel numb as fuck but the weed euphoria kind of evened out the discomfort from the numbness.

?:?? AM - I Have no idea how long it took me to fall asleep, but oh god the sweet relief my body must have felt the second I did. The dreams I had were so vivid I thought one of them actually happened when I had woken up.

6:30 AM - So much for a restful nights sleep, I woke up to gagging up nothing but the water I had drank before I finally went to sleep... wonderful... I manage to fall asleep again

10:30 AM - I wake up again and now I just still fell super spacey and my motor skills are definitely still fucked.

11:58 PM - As of writing this Trip Report, I can say all of the effects have worn off but through out the day following I experienced the following symptoms: Nausea, motor skills issues, slurred speech, short term memory loss, heat flushes. I also drove myself to Subway in the afternoon and I will say that it was easier for me to stay focused driving on LSD(I was forced into a bad situation and had to drive) than it was to drive on the DXM "afterglow" (I do not condone driving on any controlled substance, don't be stupid like me).

Conclusion: I have a new fucked up type of respect for this chemical and I understand that the effects I felt are not for everyone but this was just totally fucked; in all I felt like shit and thought I had killed myself, threw up countless times. I will say that this experience is only for experienced trippers and even then I would show precaution and say maybe try a second and lower-third plateau before jumping into higher doses. Also do your research; I read countless articles mainly on Erowid about the different plateaus and effects, there is also a great body-weigh dose chart somewhere on the internet that will help you choose a correct dose. Overall, I do not regret the experience but I will NEVER revisit DXM in my life and see no recreational or spiritual value in it for me.

Hopefully this post may give some insight for someone who is about to or looking into doing this drug and will give them a lending hand on what the experience MIGHT be like for them.

Sorry for such a long ass post.

Okay to start off I'm 16 and writing this 2 days after the trip and it's pretty much put me off everything but booze and weed. For some background information me and my friend had run out of the MDMA I had gotten and there was nothing but weed for my last night in the country so our weed dealer suggested Dizinil. This motion sickness pill was described as making you trip so we assumed it would be like our previous acid trips and fuck me were we wrong. I had 1000mg at once and my friend had 900mg across half an hour. During the comeup it was good I started to see colours and slight hallucinations like I saw Mr Moseby's head floating around when we were driving. At this point it was fun the only issue was I was shaking but not to the point I couldn't control it. At this point we'd gone to our spot to get high and had about 3gs of hash between the 3 of us which is a complete blank spot in my memory. The next thing I remember is being in the car going to meet some other friends to go to a party and I was tripping hard. I started to realise when I looked in my friends eyes and they were pure white with black spots dancing around and his eyes seemed to spin around his head. Basically terrifying as shit but hypnotizing sort of. Then I looked outside the car window to try and forget about what I'd just seen and saw disembodied faces circling the car from above to the point I could barely make them out. Then I turned around and saw dogs the size of trucks chasing the car. In short a living nightmare. I didnt get that scared because of how delirious I was but it still freaked me tf out. Anyway we meet up with our friends and I start to see these little red/orange bugs kind of like tiny lobsters the size of fruit flies. This is when the shaking became much worse to the point my hands were out of control and I couldn't open my wallet or write a text. When we arrived to the party I'd started to peak because people from my school in England(where I live now) where at this party in the country i was in(i wont list the name due to the penalties for drugs there) Which obviously couldn't be possible. Then I also started to see objects that weren't there so I'd grab for my beer to find that it dissapeared while I was drinking it etc. The rest of that party was a blur but we went to another friends birthday party for the end of the night which is where I really lost control. I saw my dad which made no sense since he was in england. At this point my friends had started to take care of me but everything they said didnt make sense and came across as gibberish or was replaced by voices that I barely recognized. I had conversations with people who weren't there and these voices assured me that everything was real by talking about what I was seeing, describing the eyes and everything making me more and more confused. After this I started to sober up and went home at which point the trip continued. I decided to have a shower to relax but I saw a hooded man with his face covered in my peripheral vision who whenever I turned to face would shift to the other side of my peripherals. I started to talk to him and he began to speak about "purity" and "corruption" and went on about some weird bullshit that sounds straight out of lord of the rings if I'm honest about how people's eyes dictated who they were and that since mine were changing(becoming like everyone else's that I looked into) I was becoming like them. This fucked with me to another degree. It made so much sense that I seriously considered tearing out my eyes for over an hour in the bath. After that I went to sleep but I have memories of sending texts to my dad that never got sent or drafted and being in America when I've never been there. These memories all feel very real and are seriously disturbing if I'm honest. In short dont try dramamine horrible experience and fucked my vision and memory the next morning.

Sorry for lack of paragraphing just wanted to ward people away from trying it since it's so fucked from what I've read and my own experience.


Last night was my first time doing Salvia (10x extract). It was also my first hallucinogen ever. It was a very nice experience. I am glad Salvia treated me with such kindness. As the experience was happening I could talk to my friends about the experience, which anchored me to this reality. I was kinda lucid, although kinda “over the place” with my thoughts.

Before hand I did a small prayer with my friend and boyfriend, both tripsitters. They were reluctant as neither is religious – neither I am but I welcome any help. I felt very at peace, which is why I wanted to do it.

My friend jokingly mentioned "the shadow people" to try and fuck me over. I laughed but I got nervous - I am very susceptible to things like that.

The herb burnt way too quickly. Perhaps I pulled in too strongly – anyhow, the herb burnt very, very fast. I couldn’t do a proper bong rip because of the intensity of the smoke.

(I did not like the taste of Salvia.)

I stood up, counted up to thirty. I walked to the balcony as didn’t want to exhale the smell in my apartment – 25 Mississippi, 26 Mississippi, 27… I felt very giddy. Euphoric. It was like a very intense high, in a good way. I started chuckling.

My body felt electric almost, tingling everywhere. I was wearing a long-sleeve and I could feel the inner seams against my skin. I could feel everything – and I liked that. I went to sit down and I felt very cross-faded. The first 5-10 seconds felt very much felt like THC and alcohol mixed together – lag between my body and mind, a sense of euphoria, no cares in my mind.

The seams against my skin felt like zippers – I felt like this whole experience, my whole reality, was not real. I felt a desert behind me. I felt like I was a third-party. A stranger.

“Existence is yellow,” I said. I knew that if I looked behind me I would see just yellow. It reminded me of this clip from Squidward when he was alone – https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoOy4_F2a44. Just a plane of existence that was just yellow as far as the eye could see.

I got this delusion that I was a worker at some sort of bazaar in the desert. In that dimension I was not [anon] but another person, a Stranger. The store I worked at sold packages that let you view 10-15 minutes of someone life. I could view shelves full of these packages – memories that were not mine and were being sold almost like a party-drug. A package that let you experience 10, 15 mins of someone else’s reality.

I felt detached to my identity – in fact, I truly believed I was not [anon] at all. I was just a Stranger peering into [anon]’s live for 10-15 minutes. I tried to explain it to my boyfriend and friend as I was going through the experience.

“Who is selling those packages? Why?” my boyfriend asked.

This aggravated me because I just gave him such a big piece of information – reality is fake, it’s being exploited, someone is commodifying our truths – and he asks even more??? I forgot what I replied but they found it funny.

I very much felt like I was part of two worlds – [anon]’s (my reality), and the world where I was a Stranger peering into [anon]’s world. I tried to tune into the dimension that the Stranger was from and I could almost hear a female voice behind me -

“Get out of there, we need you at the store.”

This was interesting because I didn’t want to leave my boyfriend. I told him I loved him. Then I spoke out loud to the voice, saying that I still wanted to stay here. Still, the zippers of this reality kept closing. Whatever dimension I was in was trying to completely suck me in. It almost felt like a breakthrough. I knew I would taste what is “out there,” I knew that I would leave [Anon]’s life behind completely.

I said, “No, I want to stay here.” Mostly because I didn’t like the idea of being bossed around but I was also kinda worry about finding out who was selling these “slice of life” packages, and why.

Still I felt the desert (existence is yellow) behind me creep in slightly. My whole body felt like a zipper closing and closing, slightly uncomfortable. My whole body started feeling yellow, the store became more and more real – I saw sand, yellow, closing and closing like an alligator’s mouth.

Then my friend said “it’s been four minutes.” This killed my whole trip, almost, but I knew it was all coming to an end anyhow.


I was in amsterdam for the weekend and in the day that I tried truffles for the first time (14g high hawaiians, took'em in the morning), smoked a pure joint double dipped in resin and around 6-7pm tried a 10x salvia extract.

So I was pretty content with the whole day by the time I got to salvia, had a wonderful truffle trip and settled down in vondelpark somewhere relatively distant from public paths. To be noted, I was still mellow from the truffles and weed so still coming down.

Had a mini bong, and I kind of eyed the quantity I put in, I'd say it was around 100mg. After inhaling I couldn't keep it in for more than 5 seconds as I started coughing uncontrollably for a while. The only salvia-like feeling was the sensation that I was inside a loop, the whole view around me started looping from the inside out but nothing that would make me go 'god damn'.

10 minutes later after I calmed down I thought I'd take another one, given how people said that it has reverse tolerance.

This time I put in a bit more as well, around 150-200mg. It was a perfect hit, held the light over it the whole time, took all of it in, held the breath for 20-30 seconds, and around the 15 seconds mark reality broke.

First, some trees and bushes that were in front of me started duplicating, at the same distance as I was seeing them, all around me as I was looking to the left and to the right. At this point my balance was off but even though I could hear properly the feedback my eyes were giving wasn't synchronised with the rest of the body creating a weird dissonance.

I was pretty amazed by what I was seeing and I told (later my buddy told me I actually screamed) my friend 'holy shit brooo, can you see this?' and just kept repeating this to him. At some point I tried sitting down, my vision wasn't back yet and that's when it escalated.

As I was sitting down everything kind of froze but was still moving/duplicating. The image I was seeing with my eyes was a single frame of my movement with my right hand swinging as I tried to balance myself in order to sit down. I myself was frozen and I couldn't feel my body anymore. My point of view suddenly changed to that of my left hand and I became the frame like a skin I would wear that would melt back into the original self/body. I felt and very strongly KNEW that I will die once that frame ends so that another me/frame of me will take my place and so on. Also, I felt that behind me, behind the point of view where our conscious feelings are associated with the self and we 'see' and feel like us, was nothing but void, emptiness, the frame in front of me was all that ever was and will be, and I felt the impending doom of my definitive death as I traveled from the left hand to the right hand from the perspective/feel of an electrical signal of some sort, going through my own body.

That journey felt like it took a while and every time I got closer to the end of the frame, the right hand, I would get more and more scared and feel my heart beating faster and faster and I panicked a bit. When I finally got to the end, and got associated back to my own self, not only a frame in existence, I could finally see things coming back to normal and I sat down. Sound and sight slowly came back but I was still pretty shaken by that.


It's the first time I felt something of the sort and I pride myself in not believing in bad trips.

Still got .5g of the 10x extract so I will try it again, this time trying to close eyes (cuz that's what I've read people say gives visuals) also knowing what to expect this time
Will prolly post update.

I took 700mg of DPH. At first it was just 300mg but as I started to feel it, I knew I had to go harder to get some hallucinations. Well I took another 400mg. Once this fully set in I realized I made a huge mistake. It's hard to explain the feeling I got but it was almost like my legs and arms were made of lead. It was a really weird feeling but it actually almost felt nice. I did freak out a little but at first but once I got used to it it was fine. The worst part was having an extremely dry mouth to the point where I couldn't swallow without a drink of water.

It was an interesting experience. There was some slight euphoria but I didn't have any hallucinations whatsoever. I basically just felt really heavy and almost unable to move but that's really it. I was scared going into it thinking there would be extremely real feeling hallucinates but there weren't any. The only other side effect I had was anxiety/impending doom type thing. Overall not worth it imo. It's just boring and nothing really happens. I thought it would impair me to the point of being unable to walk or do anything, like a high DXM dose but nope. Nothing special or cool happened from taking DPH. Don't think I'll try it again in a high dose just because there were times where I felt myself starting to have a panic attack. But for me the perfect dose is 300-450mg. At that dose I just feel a bit slower, arms and legs heavy, and just overall calmness and feeling good.

I'll stick to DXM I think. Oh yeah and 300mg of DPH with a good dose of DXM is a great combo. I don't get sick from DXM so DPH isn't there to stop me from feeling sick. It enhances the trip in ways I can't really explain.

OH YEAH. The craziest part was me thinking I did something just to realize later on I already did it. For example, I was convinced something was cooking in the oven. I had a timer set to go off when the food was ready to be taken out of the oven. Once the timer went off I went downstairs and saw that nothing was even cooking. Another example is I woke up and there was a kitchen towel in my room. I didn't even remember going to get a towel but for whatever reason it was in my room. I'm sure there were other things that happened that I completely forgot. Idk imo it's not really a fun drug. It is interesting tho and worth a try if you know you can handle a bad or scary trip.
